are you tired of being a burden to your
friends are you fed up of wasting your
time waiting for buses or cycling in the
rain do you wish you could find a quick
convenient and affordable solution to
your driving educational needs
welcome to Lda of switchers finest
driving educational experience
located in the heart of Oxford we're
proud to offer affordable and quality
driving lessons under the expert
guidance of our friendly male and female
driving instructors with over 20 years
of combined industry experience in
addition to our hourly lessons
we also provide programs such as in
terms of driving lessons class cuts and
refresher courses we in LT a know you're
busy and need a solution that fits
around your schedule
therefore our instructors work seven
days a week and evenings with no
additional charge as well as in car
tuition we provide daily updates on our
Facebook and Twitter pages to keep all
our students up to date
we make learning to drive fun quick and
easy by taking the hassle out of the
experience and we promise to provide
thorough and personalized instruction to
get you safely and confidently on the
road in no time but don't take our word
for it see what our clients have to say
about us hi I'm Jessie Cartwright I've
been learning with the LDA driving
school now for a few months I passed my
test first time today which I'm really
pleased about Melissa I've been learning
about the a from no Rio now they're
really good at what they do teach a lot
of good skills they make for really
confident to drive in hi my name is an
egg I've been taking lessons with
healthy air the instruct was very quick
very experienced I would have booked my
test and I hope I'll pass in first time
hello my name's Wayne Davis I passed
birthday
and driving started very nice always on
time
hi my name is Maria and I just had my
lesson at the LD 8 driving school he was
a fantastic experience my instructor was
amazing he was very patient explained
things to me in the right way I cannot
wait for my next lesson and I would
recommend the school took all of my
friends now that you've heard from them
if you would like to pass your test as
soon as possible thank you us a call
today we look forward to hearing from
you soon